A quick guide to tmux-windows:

( "Help, I started tmux-windows and I can't get out!" Hit Ctrl-b, type
kill-session, hit return )

This is a script around the very excellent terminal multiplexer tmux. The
script launches all the services that help develop web apps in the LRD
framework.

Start by running `./tmux-windows` - you'll see some output while it checks
that things seem to be in order, and then it'll redraw the console into 3
panes.

- In one, you'll see a big Grunt task building the front end JavaScript.
- In the next, you'll see Sidekiq handling background processes.
- In the last, you'll see the Rails server handling requests.

A browser window should open connected to the development server, so you can
poke around at things as you work on it.

Quickie on the default command and interactions:

Tmux is meant to get out of the way while you do other things. As a result,
you need to let it know that keystrokes are directed at it. By default, you
prefix all your commands directed at tmux with Ctrl-b.

Ctrl-b Up/Down/Left/Right will bounce around between panes.
Ctrl-b : will open up a command line where you can enter commands for tmux
  Useful examples include
  kill-session (when you're done)
  respawn-pane (if one of the services crashes - Tmux will add the message
    "Pane is dead")
  respawn-window -k (restart everything)

Ctrl-b [ enters copy mode which merits its own section

Copy Mode:
You can copy and paste stuff using just the keyboard here, but the most useful
commands are these:
You can use PageUp/PageDown and the arrow keys to browse the backlog.

? to search - type a few characters, hit return.
n to search up for the next occurance.
N to search down for the next occrance.
(the search commands are brought in from less, if they look familiar)

q will end copy mode and go back to the bottom of the console, where the
  service will still be running


Finally, there's an example-lrd-dev-tmux.conf file that you can copy to your
home directory to make thing a little easier. Review it first, if only to find
out where to put it! :)
